ZENNODE ASSESSMENT TASK 2

1) Why do you like to join as a software engineer?

Answer - I want to be a software developer because I've worked hard to develop skills that are relevant to this 
industry and because this type of work brings me personal satisfaction. I've gained a lot of practical 
experience since graduating.

2) List of 3 software tools that inspire you. why do these tools inspire you?

Answer - (i) VS CODE - The VS Code is a very important tool for coders. This is an Integrated Deevelopment Environment 
that is very useful for the developers. It supports the lots of the languages and easy to use.
(ii) Netbeans/ Esllipse - It is an IDE for a Projects supports the Java Language. Many functions and multiple options 
provides to developes a highly supported projects.
(iii) Pycharm - It is an Python IDE tool whichs provides the lots of the frameworks to create a web based solutions.

3) List of 3 organizations you like to join in your career & why you like these organizations?
  Zennode is an leading organization that provides the finest products in the market with all the customer needs. 
Besides functionalities,  offer a solid UI to each of our products.

4)How you position yourself industry after 2 years?

I would like to part of leading company like yours where I can utilize my technical skills as a team member. Learn 
lots of technical and personal skills in the time and want to be the part of company growth.

5)List 3 project you have built?
i) Dress Rental System - Dress Rental System is a multirole web application for the users easily rent their dress at 
any place. I worked as a group leader during my academics.
ii) Online Jewellary System - Online Jewellary System is a multirole web application for the users easily buy 
jewellary at any place. I worked as a group leader during my academics.
ii) Leftover Food Donation - I want to work an project Leftover Food Donation.Any party or event lots of the extra
foods are left so with the help of this website trust or union take this food and donate to needy people.